roadster
========

Interface for the app Roadster.

WELCOME PAGE
There are four fields that you can write in: Start Location, End Location, Start Date, and End Date. In our prototype, none of the information in these fields is actually recorded. The "Start!" button cannot be pressed until after the Start Location has been entered. Pressing the "Start!" button will take the user to the Traveler Information page. The buttons on the header bar don't do anything.

TRAVELER INFORMATION
On this page, you can choose the Number of Travelers (1 to 8 or more). Also, you can choose options that apply to your travelers, like the age range, and the activities they are interested in. These options are in check boxes. The user can select as many options as he wants. None of the options listed on this map are actually recorded. Again, the buttons on the header bar don't do anything. Pressing the "Submit" button or the "Skip" link will take the user to the Map page.

MAP
The map shows a route from San Francisco to San Diego, with markers on San Francisco and San Diego, regardless of anything the user entered on the previous two pages. Initially, only Day 1 is listed on the itinerary. The user can add a location by right clicking the map and clicking "Add". The way it is coded now, you can only add 6 pre-determined locations in this exact order: Monterey Bay Aquarium, Pismo Beach, Disneyland, Spindrift Inn, SeaVenture Hotel, Alpine Inn. When a location is added, it listed on the "Itinerary" tab under a new day, and the map route is updated to accommodate the new location. When you right click the map, you are also give a "Search" option. Clicking "Search" will perform a Google Maps nearby-Search query, with a specified list of parameters. There are no keyword for the search query when you search from the map. This is used to show the suggested options for the prototype. Clicking "Search" from the map will move the sidebar from the "Itinerary" tab to the "Search" tab, along with listing a number of options. From the "Search" tab, you can also search with specific keywords, by typing the keyword into the search bar and pressing "Search". This will perform the same search query with the keyword entered. The search query requires a location to search from. For our prototype, this location is hard-coded in. Because of this, there are only a set list of locations to search, and once you move through all the locations, you can no longer perform search queries. The list of locations is: Monterey Bay Aquarium, Disneyland, Monterey Bay Aquarium, Monterey Bay Aquarium, Pismo Beach, Pismo Beach, Disneyland, Disneyland. We used this list to make our demo run smoothly. On the itinerary tab, you can remove days by clicking the "X" button on the day. Also, you can move around the order of locations by dragging and dropping. Doing this will update the map route to go through all the locations in the order they are entered. There is a bug with the routes, where if you add locations too fast, or you change the order too fast, the route is not rendered correctly. We have no found a way to fix this bug, so the best solution currently is to just add locations very slowly (10 seconds between each location add/change).